en: add faq about configUpdateStrategy (#1786)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/configure-a-tidb-cluster.md

#### configUpdateStrategy

> The default value of the `spec.configUpdateStrategy` field is `InPlace`, which means that when you modify `config` of a component, you need to manually trigger a rolling update so that the new configuration is applied to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of the `spec.configUpdateStrategy` field is `InPlace`, which means that when you modify `config` of a component, you need to manually trigger a rolling update to apply the new configurations to the cluster.
```

> It is recommended that you configure `spec.configUpdateStrategy: RollingUpdate` to enable automatic update of configurations. This way, every time the `config` of a component is updated, the component is automatically rolling updated, and the modified configuration is applied to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you configure `spec.configUpdateStrategy: RollingUpdate` to enable automatic update of configurations. In this way, every time the `config` of a component is updated, TiDB Operator automatically triggers a rolling update for the component and applies the modified configuration to the cluster.
```

Reviewer: 如果保持不改， "is rolling updated"，里 rolling 的词性可能不太准确
